Peggy tree that's right welcome to fifa
ultimate team boom time but enough me
let's slice open this hot pie and cross
over to our resident British soccer get
Gordon McTavish so I can mimic ga-moly
thanks Foxxy right picture this you're a
manager that tells you a very old dream
team with the power to do things in fifa
14 you never even imagined what possible
then digging yourself a slob you realize
that this is real life this is fifa 14
ultimate team but sometimes your team on
you all on the same wavelength when that
happens but can you afford to take any
business andele andele Arriba so what's
the secret Gordo the secret is simple
good combinations you get a right combos
and your team's got good chemistry if
you can get good chemistry you can give
yourself a back slap cuz you are golden
but snake good having good combos if
your team's no playing in a style really
suits them Oh diggy gives it back to
live back do you think yeah uh
listen I want a 40 I'm talking formation
now stick shift she goes
boy perfect chemistry perfect fit the
back of the net is your son hold on
tight you are in Bern turn
okay where'd you come from looking good
there Gordo well you heard GT I'm gamers
now go get off your butts walk over to
that Xbox console and get back on your
butts and play some fifa 14 ultimate
team
you